Update CONTRIBUTING and README (#402)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Helping out with Jamulus

> We’d really appreciate your support and welcome help with proofreading, improvements, web design, and translation.

Reviewer: Maybe make it more general and add something like "... welcome help and contribution. You could for example help with [...]". I doubt we can get all kinds of possible contribution here.

Have a look at [README.md](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamuluswebsite/blob/changes/README.md) for more information. And if you’ve not seen it already, the [general overview](https://jamulus.io/wiki/Contribution) to getting involved. 

## Want to help translate?

> To get involved in making updates or translations for jamulus.io you will need a GitHub account and be familiar with GitHub in general. If you want to get more involved, you’ll need to be familiar with the use of git on the command line, as well as Jekyll. Note that translating the Jamulus application itself is done by a different process, but you are welcome to help with that too. Introduce yourself on the [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/discussions) and say what you’d like to do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get involved in making updates or translations for jamulus.io you will need a GitHub account and should be familiar with GitHub in general. If you want to get more involved, being familiar with the use of git on the command line, as well as Jekyll is helpful. Note that translating the Jamulus application itself is done by a different process, but you are welcome to help with that too. Introduce yourself on the [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamulus/discussions) and say what you’d like to do.
```

## Want to add a new language?

Great! First [open an issue](https://github.com/jamulussoftware/jamuluswebsite/issues) with the title `[Translate] yourLanguage` and introduce yourself. We will then help you to set up the relevant language files. 

> ### Please also note that discussions should be in English so as to be open to all. 

Reviewer: Better don't abuse a md headline here. Maybe we can do it with a css class?

Author: Do we have one?

Reviewer: Not sure. But maybe on the server page there's one (the one we use to format the NO)

Author: BTW this page is in the repo, not the GitHub Pages site, so I assume we only have markdown.
